Always create maps dynamically (#1847)
microsoft/CCF: doc/developers/kv/kv_how_to.rst

Creating a Map
--------------

> A :cpp:type:`kv::Map` (often referred to as a ``Table``) is a collection key-value pairs of a given type. The :cpp:type:`kv::Map` itself is identified by its name, which is used to lookup the map :cpp:type:`kv::Map` in a `cpp:class:`kv::Store` during a transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A :cpp:type:`kv::Map` (often referred to as a ``Table``) is a collection of key-value pairs of a given type. The :cpp:type:`kv::Map` itself is identified by its name, which is used to lookup the map :cpp:type:`kv::Map` in a `cpp:class:`kv::Store` during a transaction.
```

If a ``Map`` with the given name did not previously exist, it will be created in this transaction..

A ``Map`` can either be created as private (default) or public. Public map's names begin with a ``public:`` prefix, any any other name indicates a private map. Transactions on private maps are written to the ledger in encrypted form and can only be decrypted in the enclave of the nodes that have joined the network. Transactions on public maps are written to the ledger as plaintext and can be read from outside the enclave (only their integrity is protected). The security domain of a map (public or private) cannot be changed after its creation, since this is encoded in the map's name. Public and private maps with similar names are distinct; writes to "public:foo" have no impact on "foo", and vice versa.

Accessing the ``Transaction``
-----------------------------

A :cpp:class:`kv::Tx` corresponds to the atomic operations that can be executed on the Key-Value ``Store``. A transaction can affect one or multiple ``Map`` and are automatically committed by CCF once the endpoint's handler returns successfully.

> A single ``Transaction`` (``tx``) is passed to each end-point of an application and should be used to interact with the Key-Value ``Store``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A single ``Transaction`` (``tx``) is passed to each endpoint of an application and should be used to interact with the Key-Value ``Store``.
```
